TITLE: Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card Partnership Renewed
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/about-us/news-room/2025/amazon-pay-and-icici-bank-renew-partnership-enhance-indias-most-adopted-co-branded-credit-card

Mumbai: Amazon Pay and ICICI Bank today announced the renewal of their long-term partnership for the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card, India's most-adopted co-branded credit card with over 5 million customers. Since its launch in 2018, the card has redefined digital payments through simple, transparent rewards and seamless convenience.
Effective October 11, 2025, the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card will reduce forex markup on international transactions. The card will continue to offer its signature benefits of 5% unlimited cashback on shopping and travel bookings via Amazon Pay for Prime members while Non-Prime members will continue to receive 3% unlimited rewards. With these features, the card evolves from India's most rewarding everyday credit card to also being your perfect travel companion — delivering greater value across both daily spends and travel experiences.
Speaking on the development, Mr. Mayank Jain, Director - Credit & Lending, Amazon Pay India, said, “With these benefits, we're elevating India's most trusted co-branded credit card to new heights. Our over 5 million valuable customers have consistently enjoyed unlimited cashback, zero joining and annual fees, and seamless redemption. We remain dedicated to innovating on behalf of our customers and strengthening rewards in categories that matter most—from everyday essentials to now travel. This enhancement reflects our unwavering customer obsession and commitment to simplifying how Indians incorporate credit into their daily lives.”
Mr. Vipul Agarwal, Head - Cards & Payment Solutions, ICICI Bank said, "The Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card has been one of the fastest-growing 
co-branded cards in the country. We are delighted to renew our partnership with Amazon Pay and offer an enhanced proposition to our customers. We have observed a rise in travel among Indian customers, along with a growing demand for rich reward propositions and flexible redemption options. By reducing forex mark up, we are strengthening the card’s appeal for digitally savvy users seeking smarter ways to pay.”
More Value on Travel
Reduced forex markup: Now only 1.99% (previously 3.5%) on international transactions
5% unlimited cashback on travel bookings (flights and hotels) via Amazon Pay for Prime members
3% unlimited cashback on travel bookings (flights and hotels) via Amazon Pay for Non-Prime Members
Benefits that continue
No annual or joining fees
Unlimited 5% cashback on Amazon shopping (excluding Gold Coins) for Amazon Prime members
Unlimited 3% cashback on Amazon shopping (excluding Gold Coins) for Non-Prime members
Always-on 3-month no-cost EMI on eligible Amazon.in purchases
2% unlimited cashback for transactions on Amazon Pay categories (login and pay with Amazon, digitally fulfilled categories and physical gift cards on Amazon.in) excluding rent, tax, and education
1% unlimited cashback on all other spends outside Amazon (excluding fuel, rent, tax, education, utilities, and international spends)
1% fuel surcharge waiver
The Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card will continue to offer a fully-digital onboarding experience, ensuring seamless convenience across the card lifecycle – from application to usage to renewal. This reflects the card’s commitment to speed, convenience, and customer-centric design.
About Amazon Pay: Amazon Pay is a trusted, convenient, and rewarding way to pay for anything, anywhere on and off Amazon.in. Amazon continues to extend the convenience of Amazon Pay by making it possible for millions of customers to make digital transactions and continue supporting the government’s vision of encouraging electronic payment, leading to a less-cash society in India. Amazon Pay provides a wide choice of payment methods like Amazon Pay UPI, Amazon Pay Balance, Amazon Pay Later, and Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card to make everyday payments safe, fast, and frictionless for customers and merchants. With an aim to simplify lives and fulfil the aspirations of every Indian, it offers customers the benefit of “one-click” payments (on certain instruments) leading to a faster and smoother checkout process. With its cash-load facility in Amazon Pay Wallet, Amazon Pay also solves the pain point of tendering the exact amount of cash at the time of delivery.
For more information on Amazon India, visit: https://www.amazon.in/amazonpay/home
About ICICI Bank: ICICI Bank Ltd (BSE: ICICIBANK, NSE: ICICIBANK and NYSE:IBN) is a leading private sector bank in India. The Bank’s total assets stood at ₹21,23,839 crore at June 30, 2025.
For news and updates, visit http://www.icicibank.com and follow us on X (Formerly Twitter) at www.twitter.com/ICICIBank
For media queries, write to: corporate.communications@icicibank.com
Certain statements in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter alia concerning our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws including the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and regulatory changes, international economic and business conditions; political or economic instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations, increase in non - performing loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for banking products and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, changes in India’s sovereign rating, as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this release. ICICI Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at www.sec.gov