TITLE: ICICI Bank FASTag is now available on Google Pay
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/about-us/news-room/2020/news-icici-bank-fastag-is-now-available-on-google-pay

Mumbai: ICICI Bank today announced its collaboration with Google Pay for issuance of FASTag through UPI on the payments app. This enables Google Pay users to order, track and even recharge ICICI Bank FASTag conveniently and fully digitally through UPI on the payments app itself. This initiative ensures safety of the applicants as they don’t have to visit merchants or toll locations to buy a FASTag. With this, ICICI Bank becomes the first bank to join hands with Google Pay for issuance of FASTag.
FASTag is a brand name owned by Indian Highways Management Company Ltd. (IHMCL), which carries out electronic tolling and other ancillary projects of National Highway Authorities of India (NHAI). National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI), IHMCL and NHAI are working together to make state and national highway toll payments completely digital.
The collaboration of ICICI Bank with Google Pay further strengthens digital payments for FASTag. ICICI Bank has recently integrated FASTag at Mumbai toll plazas and parking zone at GMR Hyderabad International Airport, in an endeavour to promote the adoption of a safe, contactless, hassle-free transaction experience for commuters, and expand the usage and acceptance of FASTag. The Bank was the first to launch the innovative service of FASTag nationally, on the Mumbai – Vadodara corridor, way back in 2013.
Speaking on the collaboration, Mr. Sudipta Roy, Head- Unsecured Assets, ICICI Bank said, “With the increased adoption of digital payments in all walks of life, we believe that this collaboration will help Google Pay users to apply for a new FASTag through UPI and get it delivered free of cost at their door step. The association comes handy for Google Pay customers, even if they are not customers of ICICI Bank, during the pandemic as it allows them to order and receive FASTag in a seamless and contact-less manner. With this, ICICI Bank has achieved another feat in the FASTag ecosystem by introducing inter-operability between banks on a digital payments platform like Google Pay. We believe that this initiative will go a long way in increasing adoption of FASTag for toll payments.”
Mr. Sajith Sivanandan, Business Head, Google Pay said, “NETC FASTag is an important milestone in bringing the efficiencies of digital payments into transit and making interstate travel frictionless. We are very pleased to be joining hands with ICICI Bank to extend the facility of NETC FASTag purchase to millions of users across India through Google Pay. This is a great example of an entire ecosystem working in concert to bring ease and convenience to the lives of users in a very tangible way.”
Ms. Praveena Rai, COO, NPCI said, “We are pleased to associate with Google Pay and ICICI Bank to increase the adoption of NETC FASTag and facilitate its doorstep delivery to the customers. We believe this initiative will provide vast reach and enable vehicle owners to avail it at the comfort of their homes – eliminating the need for visiting a kiosk or the bank amid pandemic. With this collaboration, consumers will have an added benefit of being able to recharge their FASTag seamlessly and conveniently via UPI on Google Pay. With robust acceptance infrastructure and interoperability we are witnessing a transformation of urban mobility systems as commuters are widely accepting NETC FASTag to undertake seamless, contactless and stress free toll transactions and enjoy a smooth ride.”
ICICI Bank customers can avail FASTag using the Bank’s digital channels of banking including internet banking, iMobile app, InstaBIZ app, Pockets app or by visiting their nearest bank branch. The tag can be reloaded with funds seamlessly online using the Bank’s internet banking, UPI and NEFT platforms. Commuters who are not the customers of ICICI Bank can purchase FASTag using the Pockets app or by simply visiting /fastag
For news and updates, visit www.icicibank.com and follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ICICIBank
For media queries, write to: corporate.communications@icicibank.com
About ICICI Bank: ICICI Bank Ltd (BSE: ICICIBANK, NSE: ICICIBANK and NYSE:IBN) is a leading private sector bank in India. The Bank’s consolidated total assets stood at ₹14,76,014 crore at September 30, 2020. ICICI Bank's subsidiaries include India's leading private sector insurance, asset management and securities brokerage companies, and among the country’s largest private equity firms. It is present across 15 countries, including India.
Certain statements in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter alia concerning our future business plans or growth prospect s) are forward - looking statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws including the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward - looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward - looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and regulatory changes, international economic and business conditions; political or economic instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations, increase in non - performing loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for banking products and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, changes in India’s sovereign rating, as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this release. ICICI Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward - looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at www.sec.gov