TITLE: ICICI Bank Introduces Special Fixed Deposit (FD) Scheme For Senior Citizens
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/about-us/news-room/2020/news-icici-bank-introduces-special-fd-scheme-for-senior-citizens

Mumbai: ICICI Bank today announced that it has introduced a special fixed deposit (FD) scheme for senior citizens. Named ‘ICICI Bank Golden Years FD’, the scheme offers senior citizens an interest rate of 7.2% per annum for deposits up to ₹2 crore with a tenure of more than five years to 10 years.
‘ICICI Bank Golden Years FD’, which is available from 20 May to 30 September 2020, offers 80 basis points (bps) more than what is applicable to general public (non-senior citizens) for the same deposit amount and tenor. Also, it is 30 bps more than the previous rates offered by the Bank. Resident senior citizens can avail the benefit of this scheme for new FDs as well as renewal of old FDs.
Speaking on the initiative, Mr. Pranav Mishra, Head – Liabilities Group, ICICI Bank said, “We at ICICI Bank have always valued our relationship with senior citizens. We know that FD interest is a key source of income for a large section of senior citizens. Keeping this in mind, we are offering higher interest rates to them through the new scheme, even in the declining interest rate regime, as a mark of our respect to them. We believe that this scheme will help them to create a good pension kitty on their long term deposit and thereby enhance their convenience.“
The customers can conveniently and instantly open an FD using the Bank's Net Banking and mobile banking platforms. Alternatively, they can also visit the nearest ICICI Bank branch.
*: for FDs with tenor of 5 years 1 day to 10 years, and deposit of less than Rs 2 crore. It is applicable for resident Indians. The scheme is available from 20 May to 30 September 2020
Log into ICICI Bank Net Banking: /personal-banking/insta-banking/internet-banking
Download ICICI Bank's iMobile app by visiting: /privilege-banking/personal/imobile
To know more on the new scheme, visit: /interest-rates
For news and updates, visit www.icicibank.com and follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ICICIBank.
About ICICI Bank: ICICI Bank Ltd (BSE: ICICIBANK, NSE: ICICIBANK and NYSE:IBN) is a leading private sector bank in India. The Bank’s consolidated total assets stood at ₹13,77,292 crore at 31 March 2020. ICICI Bank's subsidiaries include India's leading private sector insurance, asset management and securities brokerage companies and among the country’s largest private equity firms. It is present across 15 countries, including India.
Certain statements in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter alia concerning our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws including the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward - looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward - looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and regulatory changes, international economic and business conditions; political or economic instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations, increase in non - performing loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for banking products and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, changes in India’s sovereign rating, as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this release. ICICI Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward - looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results are more fully described in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at www.sec.gov