TITLE: How to use savings account online | ICICI Bank
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/saving-account/how-to-use-savings-account-online

If you are looking for a safe investment option to park your idle funds and earn interest on the same, a savings account is the best option. Thanks to the internet, banks now allow you to open a new savings account online from the comforts of your home. This eliminates the need for you to personally visit a branch office of the bank in order to get yourself a savings account.
But if this is the first time that you are looking for an Online Saving Account Opening, here are a few important things you should know-
If you want to apply for a new savings bank account online, you’ll first have to visit the official website of the bank in which you’d like to open the account. Note that the bank should offer online account opening facility.
Look for the new account opening option on the website and fill the application form. You’ll be required to submit your ID proof, address proof and a few other documents to submit your application.
Some of the banks now offer many different types of bank accounts to suit different saving needs of the customers. When you apply for savings account online, make sure that you go through the benefits of different types of accounts to make the right decision.
There are now savings account exclusively for men, women, kids and even senior citizens offered by a few banks. Such accounts come with a host of added benefits and features.
After selecting an account type and submitting the required documents, the bank will then create an online savings account for you. You will receive a unique account number for the same. All the details regarding your new savings account will also be sent to your email address.
Once the account is opened, you can then register for internet banking from the bank's website to start using your account online. This will also require you to fill a form with your account number and other personal details. You’ll also be required to select a username and password for the same.
Once you’ve registered for online banking and have received confirmation for the same, you can use your account credentials to log in to your online banking account.
You can use your online savings bank account for many different types of online transactions. You can initiate many different types of transactions such as IMPS, RTGS, NEFT, etc. to transfer funds, pay online bills, open an online fixed deposit, apply for a loan and do a lot more.
Many of the top banks in India also have their mobile apps to facilitate online banking. If your bank also offers one such app, download the same to use your online bank savings account on-the-go.
Just like the online banking portal, the mobile app also offers a host of features to meet all your banking needs in the most convenient manner.
Opening a new savings bank account is now easier than ever with the online facility. If you want to earn interest on your savings and experience the convenience of internet banking, look for a bank which offers online account opening facility.
When selecting, make sure that you pick a bank that is well-known for its customer service and offers a higher rate of interest and additional benefits.
For disclaimer, Click Here.