TITLE: Be business ready with the all-new DIY Insta Current Account available through InstaBIZ app
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/current-account/newinstabiz-current-account

Are you looking for a Current Account to meet your business needs? But aren’t you weary about the formalities and the paperwork that accompany it? We thought so.
Chuck your worries! Here’s the all-new Do-It-Yourself (DIY) Insta Current Account by ICICI Bank, enabling you to open a Current Account, instantly. Your business deserves the right banking partner.
It gives better security features, an unlimited transaction limit per day, instant sanction of an Overdraft facility and so much more. The best part? It’s accessible even to Non-ICICI Bank customers. So, no more queuing up at the branch to get your business on track.
The launch of Video-KYC enabled DIY Current Account opening solution across constitutions, is needless to say, the first of its kind.
This means that opening a Current Account just got so much simpler. Get started using the InstaBIZ mobile app or Corporate Internet Banking and the rest is just a breeze.
At ICICI Bank, you are assured the best Business Current Account, with ease of functionality. The DIY Insta Current Account facility empowers the customer – be it those that are new to banking, or start-ups in need of an Account Number as a part of the regulatory requirement – to open an instant Current Account without any hiccup. Some of the key benefits of the Insta Current Account opening facility are:
Convenience: Simple and easy Do-It-Yourself journey from the comfort of your home
Instant account opening: Fully operational Current Account with Video-KYC for Individual and Sole Proprietorship Accounts
Paperless KYC: Instant fetching of PAN, Aadhaar and GST details, and other data based on API integration i.e. paperless mode.
Current Accounts can be instantly opened, across constitutions. These include:
Individuals and proprietors with Video-KYC enabled fully functional accounts
Legal entities (Private Limited, Public Limited Companies, including Video-KYC for directors, partners and authorised signatories).
The Insta Current Account at ICICI Bank offers a truly Do-It-Yourself on boarding experience, to avail Business Banking services with ease and convenience.
So, what are you waiting for?
If you have a business, open the all-new Insta Current Account with us, now!