TITLE: ICICI Bank Net Banking Festive Bonanza | ICICI Bank Blogs
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/internet-banking/net-banking-festive-bonanza

THE
ORANGE
HUB
ICICI Bank Net Banking Festive Bonanza
Get Exclusive Gift Vouchers with ICICI Bank Internet Banking Festive Bonanza
The festive season is around the corner and it is time to start preparing for the celebrations. What if we told you that this year we have come up with an exciting way to celebrate?
Introducing ICICI Bank Internet Banking, to transform your financial experience and to reward you in a big way. Join us in this exclusive celebration from October to November.
Engage and Earn: A Special Treat for the New Users
If you have never used ICICI Bank Internet Banking then we are here to make an offer that you cannot refuse. Here is how you can get started:
- Make your first shopping transaction of Rs 500 or more through ICICI Bank Internet Banking. 
- Be among the first 2,000 customers to meet this requirement (mentioned above) each day and you will receive an Amazon gift voucher worth Rs 250. 
Imagine the thrill of shopping for your favourite items and receiving a gift voucher as a bonus. It is the perfect opportunity to explore the convenience of ICICI Bank Internet Banking and get rewarded for it.
Existing Users, It is Your Time to Shine
For our existing users who are already reaping the benefits of ICICI Bank Internet Banking, we have something special for them as well. It is time to step up your Internet Banking game and enjoy additional rewards. Here is what you need to do:
- Carry out 2 transactions adding up to Rs 2,000 or more. 
- Be a part of the first 1,000 lucky users to receive an Amazon gift voucher worth Rs 500 daily. 
By taking this step, you not only enjoy the convenience and security that Internet Banking provides but also become eligible for the exclusive rewards offered.
Seasoned Users: Go Big, Win Big
Complete three or more transactions during the month, totalling to Rs 1 lakh or more.
Here is what you need to do:
- Make payments using Internet Banking or carry out high amount transactions of more than Rs <1> lakh to stand a chance to be the top performer of the month. 
- 2 Customers during the month, who have made payments using Internet Banking for the maximum transactions carried out in terms of high value and high count, will be rewarded with a Cleartrip voucher worth Rs 25,000. 
Whether it is paying bills, transferring funds or making online purchases, the transactions that you carry out can bring you benefits.
Why Choose ICICI Bank Internet Banking?
ICICI Bank Internet Banking is about transforming your financial experience. Here is what you gain by choosing us:
4 Lakh Merchant Apps/Sites:
Shop across leading brands using ICICI Bank Internet Banking
Easy Login
Use your Mobile Number, OTP & ATM PIN.
EMI Payments
On spends of Rs 25,000 and above
Exclusive Offers on Top Brands:
By being an ICICI Bank Internet Banking user, you have access to multiple offers. To explore exclusive offers and discounts, Click here
Join the Festive Bonanza Today
Whether you are new to Internet Banking or a frequent user, there will be something for everybody in this Festive Bonanza.
All you need to do is browse, begin shopping and start earning exclusive vouchers immediately. Don't miss out on the opportunity to be a part of our Festive Bonanza.
Conclusion
We are committed to ensuring a flawless banking experience. Be a part of ICICI Bank Internet Banking and leave your financial worries behind.
Start making payments using ICICI Bank Internet Banking.
T&Cs
Scroll to top