TITLE: Step by Step Guide on How to Buy FASTag Online
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/fastag/5-easy-ways-to-get-apply-fastag-online

The Ministry of Road Transport & Highways has made FASTag mandatory, for the collection of toll fees. Keep reading to know how you can buy one from ICICI bank.
FASTag is a prepaid tag that is used to pay tolls when you travel by road in India. The tag/card uses RFID technology to collect toll payments. It is important because it improves traffic management and convenience by cutting down wait times at toll booths, guaranteeing smooth transit, avoiding cash handling and providing quicker processing at toll plazas.
Following are the various ways to buy a FASTag online from ICICI Bank. Do note, some of these ways may require you to be a Bank customer.
The iMobile app is another convenient option to buy a FASTag online, for ICICI Bank customers.
Click on ‘Bill Payments’
Select the ‘ICICI FASTag’ option
Click on ‘Buy new’ and enter the details, as asked
Proceed for payment, after confirming the details
This option is available exclusively for ICICI Bank Internet Banking customers.
Visit www.icici.bank.in and log in to your ICICI Internet Banking Account
Visit icici.bank.in/fastag
Click on “New Customer”
The FASTag online application page will open. Fill in all the requisite details in the designated fields and proceed with payment
Once your payment has been processed successfully, you will get the FASTag via courier.
Now, you can also apply for a FASTag online through ICICI Bank’s innovative WhatsApp banking At first, you need to save the number ‘8640086400’ to your contacts list.
Once you receive your FASTag, you can easily load funds on it through different payment platforms like UPI, Internet Banking, etc.
Open the Pockets wallet app by ICICI Bank
Tap on ‘FASTag'
Enter details regarding your vehicle and click on ‘Proceed’
Enter personal details and click on ‘Proceed’
Confirm and proceed to complete your purchase.
You can buy a FASTag online by visiting your preferred bank's FASTag page and submitting the required documents.
Documents required to apply for a FASTag online:
All the documents required to buy FASTag should be in the vehicle owner’s name. If the vehicle owner is not present when applying for a FASTag, the driver can submit his/her photo ID proof. The FASTag will be activated once the service provider confirms the identity and verifies the documents. Once activated, you can recharge the FASTag online without submitting any documents.
To activate FASTag, you must open a FASTag account and load/recharge it with funds to pay the toll charges. You can reload the money in your FASTag account to pass through the tolls without cash payments. Every toll plaza has dedicated FASTag lanes to make your road trips easier and faster.
There might be a processing fee and a one-time deposit levied as per policies, depending on the vehicle type. It is advisable to check the exact charges while applying for a FASTag.
Now that you know how to get a FASTag online easily, you can go ahead and buy one. Choose any of the convenient methods discussed above and zoom through toll plazas without bothering about cash & change and waiting in queues.
For an offline application, you must visit a FASTag booth at a toll plaza or find your nearest bank branch that offers this service. You then have to submit the required documents and wait for the verification process to be completed to receive your FASTag. On the other hand, when applying for a FASTag online, you can provide your details and documents online and get your FASTag at your doorstep. Online application method is thus much faster and more convenient than offline application.
Once you purchase your FASTag, you will receive a magnetic sticker that must be affixed on the inner side of your front windscreen. The sticker has to be placedright in the centre, below the rear-view mirror. To activate FASTag, visit your FASTag provider's website, enter the FASTag ID or scan the QR Code, provide vehicle details and link it with a prepaid wallet or a bank account.
When you purchase a FASTag, you can recharge it through Internet Banking, prepaid e-wallet, Credit Card or Debit Card. However, linking it directly to your bank account frees you from the hassles of recharging it manually. The toll tax gets deducted directly from your linked bank account whenever you pass through a toll plaza. This frees you from having to remember to recharge your FASTag every time.
FASTag is compatible with various types of vehicles. There are different sticker colours for different vehicles, as given below:
Obtaining a FASTag from ICICI Bank is straightforward and convenient. Whether you buy it through the iMobile app or using Internet Banking, you can quickly get a FASTag and enjoy smooth, cashless toll payments on your road travels.
An offline application requires visiting a FASTag booth or bank branch and submitting documents physically. The online application allows you to upload documents digitally and receive a FASTag at your doorstep, making it faster and more convenient.
FASTag must be affixed on the inner side of the front windscreen, below the rear-view mirror. Activation is completed online by entering the FASTag ID or scanning the QR code and linking it to a wallet or bank account.
Yes, FASTag is vehicle-specific and available in different colour-coded stickers based on vehicle category, including cars, buses, trucks and heavy construction vehicles.
For disclaimer, Click Here.