TITLE: Credit Card Eligibility Criteria & Documents | ICICI Bank
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/credit-card/credit-card-eligibility-criteria.page

Over the years, with higher disposable income, consumption patterns have undergone a drastic change. People are seeking different methods of paying for their purchases, especially those that offer benefits like short-term credit, reward points or discounts. This has led to a rising preference for Credit Cards. Credit Cards also make shopping safer and provide a range of benefits to customers. While India is still primarily a Debit Card market, the use of Credit Cards is rising rapidly.
Understanding Credit Card eligibility, including age , salary, nationality and credit score, is essential before applying for an ICICI Bank Credit Card.
Credit Card issuers (e.g., banks) have strict eligibility criteria for approving a Credit Card and conduct a thorough background check before issuing one. Understanding credit card eligibility, including age, salary, nationality, and more, is essential before applying ICICI Bank Credit Card While specific eligibility criteria may differ, most banks have similar conditions, as detailed in this blog post.
KYC: Aadhaar Card, Passport, Voter ID or Driving Licence
Address Verification: Utility bills (electricity, water, gas), Passport or Aadhaar Card
Income Proof: Salary slips or latest bank statement
PAN Card or Form 60
Recent passport-sized photographs.
Complete and accurate information is needed to process your Credit Card application efficiently.
Additional Documents
To apply for a Credit Card, you might be asked to submit extra documents like business registration certificate or financial statements, depending on the Card type.
The minimum salary required to apply for a Credit Card varies according to the issuer and Card type but typically ranges from ₹ 2.5 lakh to ₹ 3 lakh annually.
To apply for an ICICI Bank Credit Card, you should be between 21 years and 100 years of age.
Yes, Credit Card issuers require income proof to assess your ability to repay your Credit Card dues. Lenders might ask for salary slips, bank statements or tax returns. Income verification helps determine your credit limit and eligibility.
To qualify for a Credit Card, maintain a good credit score, provide proof of stable income, meet age requirements (usually 18+ years) and submit necessary documents like photo ID and address proof. Banks may have specific criteria, so check individual requirements before applying.
The eligibility to get a Credit Card depends on factors such as age, income stability, employment type, repayment capacity and overall credit profile.
Credit Card applications may be rejected due to a low credit score, insufficient income, high existing debt, incomplete documents or multiple recent applications.
A CIBIL score above 750 is preferred for smoother Credit Card approval.
T&C
For disclaimer, Click Here.
While Credit Cards enhance the shopping experience for the Cardholder, they should be used carefully. One should opt for a Credit Card only if he/she is confident of repaying the Card dues without delays. ICICI Bank Credit Cards offer a range of lifestyle and travel benefits, along with other rewards. ICICI Bank Credit Cards are available to people with varied annual incomes and can be customised as per the applicant’s needs.