TITLE: InstaBIZ – ‘Business Banking ka Super App’
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/current-account/new-instabiz-launch

ICICI Bank’s new InstaBIZ app is India’s first comprehensive business banking app, which provides the best Mobile Banking services to customers of all the banks. This enhanced banking app has industry first solutions that enable quick access to multiple banking services in just a few clicks. Bundled with power-packed and value-added offerings, the digitally advanced app boosts efficiency and thus, enable the customers to rocket their business to success.
Let’s see what makes the new InstaBIZ such a great business banking mobile app?
Link any bank account with access to Eazypay Merchant Solutions: Customers can link any bank account and avail benefits like instant Overdraft, settle payments in a flash, tap on the phone to make card payments and much more
'InstaOD Plus' Facility: Any new user who joins the app can get an instant and paperless overdraft facility up to Rs. 25 lakh. With the latest edition of InstaBIZ, clients of any bank can get an overdraft in seconds with only a few clicks.
Manage and grow your business: Customers can keep themselves updated on their business transactions 24*7, and can easily avail services like Accounting, Tax filing, Business Networking and several others that can help scale-up their business.
Instant POS and QR solutions: Customers of any bank can link their accounts to enjoy Eazypay features such as instant settlement, instant collections, ordering POS, and QR from the app.
Trade Emerge platform: It's a one-stop solution for all the regulatory and policy information, market intelligence for finding partners and logistical booking for monitoring the final mile and several other transaction banking services.
Exclusive Discounts and Offers: Special discounts and offers on the Partner Platforms (IndiaMART, ClearOne, IndiaFilings, etc) can be easily availed to assist customers in scaling up their businesses.
ICICI Bank has developed New InstaBIZ, a highly advanced and innovative application, to simplify way of doing business for business customers and become a partner in their growth journey.
To explore the business benefits of the new InstaBIZ app, Click Here.