TITLE: How Long Does Credit Card Processing Take in India? | ICICI Bank
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/credit-card/how-long-credit-card-process-in-india

Credit Cards are a popular financial tool that offer a range of benefits, such as Cashback, Reward Points and other incentives. Applying for the best Credit Card in India is relatively easy and can be completed online or in person. However, one of the most common questions that potential Credit Card applicants have is, how long it will take to receive their card after an application has been submitted.
In this article, we will explore the typical timeline for processing Credit Card applications in India and offer tips on expediting the process.
ICICI Bank generally follows a standard process for processing Credit Card applications. Here are the typical steps involved in the Credit Card application process:
If your application is approved, the bank will dispatch your Credit Card to your registered address within a few days. You will need to activate the card and set a PIN before you start using it.
When examining applications for new Credit Cards, financial institutions consider several things. If you meet the eligibility criteria, your card will be approved hassle-free.
However, if you fall short on the criteria, a team from the issuer will probably need to assess it.
Before issuing a Credit Card, every Credit Card provider in India has a set list of qualifying requirements. You can receive a Credit Card if you meet all the requirements
Financial institutions require a certain set of documents for loan approval. You will be issued a Credit Card as soon as you meet all eligibility requirements and have your documentation verified. The documents are listed below:
A good credit score indicates that you have a positive repayment history and you are a reliable borrower. A score of 700 or higher will help you get easy approval
If you already have other Credit Cards, it could take some time to receive a new one because the bank first checks the usage and payback history of the existing cards before issuing a new one.
Nowadays, getting a new Credit Card is relatively easy. The approval can be instant or may take a few weeks.
The timeframe for Credit Card approval from ICICI Bank may vary based on several factors, including the completeness of your application, the accuracy of the information provided, and the bank's internal processing time. Typically, it can take a few days to a few weeks to receive a decision on your Credit Card application.
If you have applied for an ICICI Bank Credit Card, you can check the status of your application by logging into the ICICI Bank website or by contacting 1800 1080. They will be able to provide you with more specific information about the status of your application and any potential delays.
Please remember that while waiting for approval, it is wise to avoid applying for multiple Credit Cards simultaneously, as it can negatively affect your credit score.
While Credit Cards enhance the shopping experience for the Cardholder, they should be used carefully. One should opt for a Credit Card only if he/she is confident of repaying the Card dues without delays. ICICI Bank Credit Cards offer a range of lifestyle and travel benefits, along with other rewards. ICICI Bank Credit Cards are available to people with varied annual incomes and can be customised as per the applicant’s needs.