TITLE: How to Convert Saving Account to Salary Account
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/saving-account/how-to-convert-saving-account-to-salary-account

If you have a Savings Account and have recently started receiving a regular salary, you may want to consider converting your Savings Account to a Salary Account. It comes with benefits such as higher transaction limits, waived account maintenance (minimum balance) fees and reduced fees for various banking services.
In this blog, we will help you understand how to convert your Savings Account to a Salary Account, how ICICI Bank customers can do the same and the benefits of doing so. We will also look at differences between both the accounts.
Generally, most banks will require you to do the following:
You must begin by checking if you can convert your Savings Account to a Salary Account. For this, you will need to meet the bank’s eligibility criteria which usually include minimum salary and employment with a company that has a tie-up with the bank.
Once you have confirmed your eligibility, you need to get the application form to convert your Savings Account to a Salary Account. You can download the form from the bank's website or visit your nearest branch for a physical copy.
Fill out the application form with accurate and up-to-date information. Ensure that you fill out all the required fields correctly and legibly. Also, provide your correct salary details and other employment information.
After completing the form, submit it along with the necessary documents such as your salary slip(s), employment ID card and ID proof at your nearest bank branch. You can also upload the same if that option is available online. Once the bank verifies your documents and approves your application, your Savings Account will get converted to a Salary Account.
Remember that the documents required to convert your Savings Account to a Salary Account may vary depending on the bank policies and procedures. You should check with your bank to find out what documents you need to submit along with your application form.
The process of converting your Savings Account to a Salary Account with ICICI Bank is simple. Your ICICI Bank Savings Account can be converted to a Salary Account if your employer has a tie-up with ICICI Bank for their employees’ Salary Accounts.
In this case, you need to fill up a form with details of your existing ICICI Bank Account and submit it to your HR team for account conversion. Eligible account holders can convert their accounts through ICICI Bank Net Banking online or through the iMobile app.
If your employer does not have a tie-up with ICICI Bank but you still want to make the transition, reach out to your HR and they can contact the Bank Representatives.
There are also some cases where special considerations can be given but for that, you will have to visit your nearest ICICI Bank Branch and reach out to the representatives. You can also contact ICICI Bank Customer Care.
A few documents must be submitted in duplicate by the applicant/organisation either in person at the Branch or to the ICICI Bank Agent for opening an ICICI Bank Salary Account.
The following are the address proofs:
PAN Card or valid passport with a photo and signature, Voter ID Card, Aadhaar Card and driver's licence.
Any organisation looking to partner with ICICI Bank needs to employ at least 20 employees at an average salary of Rs 20,000 for rural areas and Rs 25,000 for urban areas.
One of the primary benefits of converting your Savings Account to a Salary Account is that you will get higher transaction limits. You will also be able to withdraw more money from ATMs and make bigger transactions using your Debit Card.
Another benefit of having a Salary Account with ICICI Bank is that there will be no account maintenance fees. You will not have to pay any charges for maintaining your account which can save your money.
Salary Account holders with ICICI Bank also have reduced fees for various banking services such as NEFT, RTGS and IMPS transactions. This can help you save transaction fees and make banking more affordable.
In addition to the above benefits, Salary Account holders with ICICI Bank also get access to additional features such as free chequebooks.
Savings Accounts and Salary Accounts serve different purposes. Here are some of the key differences between these two types of accounts:
A Savings Account is designed to help you save money by earning interest on deposits. On the other hand, a Salary Account is for salaried individuals who receive a regular salary from their employer.
Transaction limits are generally higher for Salary Accounts as compared to Savings Accounts. This is because Salary Account holders need to withdraw larger amounts of money to meet their expenses.
Most banks charge an account maintenance fee for Savings Accounts to keep a minimum balance. However, this is often waived for Salary Accounts.
Savings Accounts usually come with a certain number of free chequebooks while Salary Accounts often come with unlimited free chequebooks. This is because Salary Account holders may need to write more cheques to pay their bills and expenses.
To open a Savings Account, you need to provide an ID proof, address proof and few other documents as specified. To open a Salary Account, you may also need to provide your employment details and salary slip(s) as proof of your employment.
Converting your ICICI Bank (or any other) Savings Account to a Salary Account has benefits such as higher transaction limits, waived account maintenance fees and reduced fees for other banking services.
While there are differences between these accounts, both serve important purposes.
Choosing the right type of account depends on your individual financial goals and needs. If you are a salaried individual who wants to take advantage of the benefits of having a Salary Account, consider converting your Savings Account to a Salary Account.
For disclaimer, Click Here.