TITLE: Why an Online Savings Account is the Smart Choice
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/saving-account/why-an-online-savings-account-is-the-smart-choice

A lot of things have become harder to do today, like taking time out for yourself. Fortunately, banking doesn’t need to take up much of your time.
With the combination of Finance & Technology, you can conveniently secure and save your hard-earned money wherever, whenever. If this catches your fancy, you should consider opening an Savings Account opened online .
Savings Account opened online are preferred amongst Indians and their increasing popularity should come as no surprise. They offer several benefits that conventional Savings Accounts may not be able to match.
In this blog, we’ll explore why an Savings Account opened online is the smart choice for saving and earning more.
Bid goodbye to standing in queues waiting for your turn to carry out simple tasks like making payments or withdrawing money. Some people will tell you what an arduous task getting a bank statement or updating their passbook seemed like.
Bank work which should ideally take minutes, took hours. With a Savings Account, there is no need to worry about any of this. Simply log in to your Account online or through your bank’s app and proceed with activities you’d conventionally carry out at a bank branch. Manage all your banking activities whenever, wherever.
Savings Accounts are easy to access. All you need is a Customer ID and Password to log in and manage your savings. ICICI Bank Digital Banking facilities include the iMobile app and the official website. These make it easy to check your balance, transfer funds and track your savings. Flexibility and convenience lets your keep an eye on your money anywhere, anytime
Opening an Savings Account opened online in India is quick and easy. To open an ICICI Bank Savings Account , simply get your PAN and Aadhaar Card verified through your registered mobile number and e-mail ID. Most digital banks including ICICI Bank, have a simple application process that you can complete entirely online.
ICICI Bank offers added features and benefits such as Cashbacks & Rewards, Discounts on shopping and other perks. These benefits are designed to help you save money and make your banking experience seamless. Read on to see what an ICICI Bank Savings Account has in store for you.
Besides the quick 3-step online account opening process, an Savings Account opened online gives customers more reasons to cheer.
Account holders can be pre-approved for Loans and get Instant Disbursement with simple paperless verification and no documentation. Your profile details are ‘safe’ with a Savings Account.
With your Savings Account, you’ll have access to the best Vehicle, Life, Health and Travel Insurance Plans.
Account holders get access to great Deals on mobile phone purchases, Travel Discounts and Cashbacks at select retailers.
An Savings Account opened online doesn’t mean you can no longer visit your bank. Keeping our invaluable customers at the forefront, in-person meetings to understand their requirements are how real relations are built.
If you’re in it to Save it with an Savings Account opened online, you can avail great Interest Rates, Anytime Access, Low Fees, Stock Trading, Exclusive Offers and much more.
All these, with quick and seamless Online Account Opening at ICICI Bank! If you are looking for a secure and convenient way to save money, consider opening an Savings Account opened online today.