TITLE: Gold Loan & Credit Score: How It Affects You | ICICI Bank
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/gold-loan/does-taking-gold-loan-will-affect-my-credit-score

A lender's decision to offer you a loan or credit largely depends upon your creditworthiness which is majorly reflected by your credit score. The higher the score, the greater are the chances that your loan will be approved and on better terms. Read on to understand how your credit score is affected in the case of a gold loan.
Despite having a regular income and savings, there may be a money crunch for an emergency or other crucial expenses such as foreign education, a wedding, etc. Though smaller amounts can be managed through credit cards, you may need a loan in other cases. Among the different types of loans offered in the market, a gold loan comes with simple documentation, attractive interest rates, and quick disbursal. Let’s find out more about gold loans.
It is a secured loan that public/private banks and other financial institutions offer against gold jewellery and ornaments as collateral security. You can generally avail gold loan for pretty higher amounts up to Rs. 1 crore.
You need to submit KYC documents while applying for a gold loan. No income proof is required since it is a secured loan.
The gold loan eligibility amount depends on the gold rate, loan tenure, the number of ornaments, their carat rating, and weight. Altogether, it is a convenient option that can be used for multiple purposes.
Now, let’s look at how a credit score is affected by the gold loan:
Credit scores don’t hold much significance in approval of loans against gold as they are backed up by precious jewellery. But, failing to payback the loan timely or failing to do so completely may affect your credit scores. It is suggested to avail gold loan only if you are confident to pay back the amount timely without affecting other expenses and dues. A default or delayed payment can lower your credit score.
Like any loan, repayment of gold loans in time will positively impact your credit score.
The consequences of defaulting or delaying the loan repayment, be it a gold loan or any other loan, may vary with different lenders, but you can surely expect considerable damage to your credit score. You must ensure to make the payments responsibly on time.
For disclaimer, Click Here.