TITLE: Things To Know Before Applying For Your Credit Card
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/credit-card/apply-for-credit-card-online?ITM=nli_cms_blogs_btn_cc_creditcardapply

There are a lot of perks of using a Credit Card over a Debit Card. Firstly, it allows you to build a good credit history which makes the availability of loan easier with favourable interest rates. Secondly, this can also help you get cheaper insurance and even get new cellular plans. This does not end here, as regular purchases with a Credit Card can help you earn reward points or cashback and also protect your purchases from any theft or damage.
Now that Credit Cards bring in so many benefits, it’s always recommended to have a Credit Card to increase your financial health. But before you apply for a Credit Card, there are a few factors that you should always consider.
This is the most important factor as this decides whether you can apply for a Credit Card or not. Though the eligibility criteria vary according to each bank, however, few basic requirements are the same.
After you qualify the eligibility criteria, it is essential to know which credit card to choose. Before you apply for the credit card online, it is important to understand the features that your credit card holds.
EMI tenure of the credit card - The primary reason to have a credit card is to borrow money from the bank and then repay it in easy instalments. It is thus important to check the credit card interest rates and choose the EMI tenure that is affordable. Although most of the credit cards offer you an interest- free period where no interests are charged provided the payment is made within the due date.
Online accessibility - Your card should include the feature of online registration where you can track your daily spending as well as your available balance with the ongoing EMIs. You should be able to receive your e-statement on your registered e-mail ID.
Cash withdrawal facilities - Look for a credit card that allows you to withdraw cash from anywhere around the world. Most credit cards provide cash withdrawal facilities which include a minimal charge on the withdrawal amount.
Joining and annual fee - Unless you apply for a lifetime free Credit Card, you will have to pay a certain amount as the joining fee. Your card may also include an annual fee, or you can also opt for Credit Cards with no annual fee. So, before you apply for your Credit Card, you should look for these details.
Other features - Features like SMS alerts are where you get to know about new offers or discounts on your registered mobile number. You may have 24x7 customer service where you can register any complaint related to your credit card whether lost or stolen. Your credit card can also have an insurance cover that provides comprehensive protection.
Reward points - Credit Cards can fetch you reward points which you can utilise to get discounts on shopping, dining, flight booking and get cashback on fuel spends.
You can apply for instant approval credit cards and choose among different types of credit cards available on your preferred bank website.
To apply for an ICICI Bank Credit Card online, you need to fulfil these details-
Credit Cards bring in a lot of benefits other than just increasing your purchasing power. You can easily apply for a Credit Card online by clicking on the “Apply online” link of the ICICI bank webpage. You can also avail of instant Credit Card online and get attractive offers that ICICI Bank Credit Cards have to offer. You also have an option of comparing three Credit Cards by opting for “Credit Card comparison” at the ICICI Bank webpage.