TITLE: How to get your Personal Loan approved in 4 simple steps, with ICICI Bank
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/blogs/personal-loan/how-to-get-your-personal-loan-approved-in-4-simple-steps

A Personal Loan is the best way to cater to financial emergencies. You can now readily apply for a Personal Loan from ICICI Bank with minimum documentation. The entire process takes an instant and you can avail up to Rs 50 lakh at an interest rate starting at just 10.85% per annum.
Whether you have a Savings Account with ICICI Bank or not, our UCJ(Unified Customer Journey) platform helps customers avail a Personal Loan. For non ICICI Bank customers, the primary step is to upload the scanned copies of KYC documents, that in turn will help you avail any other ICICI Bank product in the future.
A Personal Loan from ICICI Bank is an unsecured loan type and does not require you to pledge any collateral
Experience fast processing of loans with zero or minimal paperwork
The Bank has no restriction on the usage of the funds; however, the loan should not be used for speculative purposes
You have the flexibility to choose from Rs 50,000 up to Rs 50 lakh, depending on your requirement
Choose the Personal Loan repayment tenure from a minimum of 12 months to a maximum of 72 months
ICICI Bank Personal Loan interest rate starts from 10.85% p.a. onwards
Avail an Instant Personal Loan from ICICI Bank in no more than 20 minutes.
Step 1: If you are a new applicant, visit https://bit.ly/39QSmpP
Step 2: Add your mobile number, PAN card details, and e-mail ID
Step 3: Fill in, the additional information
Step 4: Once the Personal Loan application is verified, the loan amount gets disbursed in under 20 minutes.
You need to be a resident of India
Your age should be between 20 and 58 years
You need to be a resident of India
Your age should be between 23 and 65 years
Total professional experience should be of at least 3 years
A Personal Loan from ICICI Bank can be extremely useful if you are facing a shortage of funds for marriage, child’s education, medical emergency, travel, or any other event. You can get instant funds once you check your Personal Loan eligibility. Availing Personal Loans for non-existing ICICI Bank customers is a breeze too, with our Unified Customer Journey platform. So why wait, keep your documents ready and get set to apply for the Personal Loan.
T&C