TITLE: Approved Projects
URL: https://home.icicibank.com/home

At ICICI Bank, we understand that buying a home is a significant decision and securing the right funding is just as crucial. That's why we are here to support you in finding your dream home. As you log in, you can explore vast database of residential projects approved for Home Loan across key cities in India.
Once you've chosen your dream home, you can check your Home Loan eligibility and apply for an online sanction followed by quick disbursement. 1
ICICI Bank is truly your one-stop solution for all your home-buying needs.
1 Subject to document submission and applicable terms 2Subject to provisional approvals 3Applicable on floating rate of interest only.
Your dream home is now within your reach with ICICI Bank Home Loans. We offer higher loan amount on your income. Your home loan eligibility can be further enhanced by including income of the co-applicant(s) of your Home Loan.
Home Loan eligibility is calculated after considering various factors including monthly income, fixed monthly obligation, current age, retirement age etc. Your home loan eligibility can also be considered an indicator of your home loan affordability.
Use ICICI Bank Home Loan Eligibility Calculator to calculate the amount that you can borrow.
Interested in availing a home loan, but unsure of the EMIs that you need to pay? Don’t worry, the home loan EMI calculator from ICICI Bank is just what you need. Using our online calculator, input the loan amount, the rate of interest and the loan tenure. The calculator will then display the EMI amount you will need to pay each month. It’s that simple!
The Home Buyers Guide is a tailored resource crafted specially for first time home buyers like you. It is designed to ease the process of purchasing your dream home. It offers informative infographics, insightful blogs and practical calculators, all aimed at simplifying your home buying journey.
Our guide covers essential topics for first-time buyers, assists in selecting your dream home, provides funding options and offers solutions on transferring your existing Home Loan or availing a Top-Up Loan on your existing Home Loan. By providing these essential tools, we aim to empower you with the knowledge and resources necessary to make informed decisions and realise your homeownership aspirations.
The area of an apartment or building, not inclusive of the area of the walls is known as carpet area. This is the area that is actually used and in which a carpet can be laid. When the area of the walls including the balcony is calculated along with the carpet area, it is known as built-up area. The built-up area along with the area under common spaces like lobby, lifts, stairs, garden and swimming pool is called super built-up area.
The valuation process evaluates the market value of the property. Demand and supply forces operating in the market, as well as other factors like type of property, quality of construction, its location, the local infrastructure available, maintenance, are all taken into consideration before the market value is decided.
Registration of a property includes necessary stamping and paying of registration charges for a sale deed/Agreement for sale and getting it recorded at the sub-registrar's office of the concerned jurisdictional area.
You can apply for ICICI Bank Home Loan through our website www.icicibank.com or visit the nearest ICICI Bank branch
Under the Pre-Equated Monthly Instalment (EMI) option, the borrower is required to pay only the interest on the loan amount that will be disbursed as per the progress on construction of the project. The actual EMI payment starts after the possession of the house.
EMI or Equated Monthly Instalment is a fixed amount paid by you to the bank on a specific date every month. The EMIs are fixed when you borrow money from the bank as a loan. EMIs are used to pay both interest and principal amount of a loan in a way that over a specific number of years, the loan amount is repaid to the bank with interest.
Capital Gains are exempt if a person purchases a new flat within two years of the date of sale of the original flat and invests the entire amount of capital gained into the new flat. However, the same is subject to the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Customers are requested to consult his/her Chartered Accountant in this regard.
T&Cs. # Subject to document submission and applicable terms *Subject to provisional approvals **Applicable on floating rate of interest only.
Disclaimer: You are now accessing https://home.icicibank.com which is a third party website provided by PE Analytics Ltd. (PropEquity). ICICI Bank Ltd or P.E Analytics Ltd or their Affiliates / group companies do not undertake any liability or responsibility for the Information contained herein. The information provided in this website does not constitute investment advice or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for any real estate investment. Loan applications for the listed projects shall be accepted at the sole discretion of ICICI Bank and ICICI Bank shall not be bound, in any manner, whatsoever, to approve any application.
Please note that, we are currently in the process of updating our website to comply with the requirements under the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act, 2016 (“RERA”) and display the information relevant to a particular Property/Project for general information purpose, including Property/project details, listings, floor area, location, maps etc.The Website is not owned or controlled by ICICI Bank Ltd and ICICI Bank shall not be held responsible/liable for the accuracy and/or completeness of the information. The User should undertake the necessary due diligence prior to finalizing any transactions.