TITLE: A-Z of an NRE account
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/nri-banking/nriedge/nri-articles/a-z-of-nre-account

The below content is purely for informational purposes and is not intended to constitute advisory of any kind. Please note, these are in-depth articles which are best viewed on large screen devices like laptops, desktops and tablets. The position reflected in this article has been updated as of May 15, 2025.
Many Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) work and live overseas; however, they still have families living in India. They may want to send money to their near and dear ones regularly, to manage local expenses and also make investments in India.
A Non-Resident External (NRE) account is the answer to their needs.
It is a bank account suitable for NRIs, Persons of Indian Origin (PIOs) and Overseas Citizens of India (OCIs), who wish to use their foreign earned income to manage expenses and investments in India. It is an Indian Rupee (₹) denominated account, i.e., it is maintained in Indian Rupee. The money deposited in foreign currency in this account is automatically converted to the equivalent Indian Rupee (₹) by the bank as per the prevailing currency conversion rates. There is no upper limit on the account balance that can be maintained in an NRE account.
A key benefit of an NRE bank account is that the credits in an NRE account can be freely repatriated, i.e., funds can be transferred to an overseas account without any upper limit. The repatriable funds include both the principal amount and the interest earned on this account. Furthermore, the interest earned on the money deposited in this account is tax-free in India, i.e., income earned through the account is exempt from income tax.
As per prevailing FEMA regulations, NRIs who qualify as Indian residents must close their NRE account
You can also open an NRE Recurring Deposit (RD) account and an NRE Fixed Deposit (FD) account, which will allow you to make a recurring or a lump sum deposit from your NRE savings account. Permissible tenures for ICICI Bank customers for both, range from one to 10 years. The tenure may vary from bank to bank. Upon maturity, both the principal and interest amount from the FD and RD are deposited into the NRE account from which they were invested. Such maturity proceeds deposited into the NRE account are freely repatriable.
A common question that NRIs have is, funds of which origin can be deposited into an NRE account and which payments can be made from an NRE account. Based on prevailing Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) regulations*, here is a quick list of funds that can be credited/debited from an NRE account.
*Foreign Exchange Management (Deposits) Regulations, 2016.
Remittance from your overseas account or transfer from NRE/Foreign Currency Non-Resident Bank (FCNR (B)) account
Funds from your NRO account up to USD 1 million. (As applicable on capital income, i.e., proceeds from maturity of FD, sale of property and redemption of mutual funds and shares)
Current income earned in India, such as rent, dividend, pension and interest, among others subject to payment of applicable taxes;
Interest accruing on the balances in the account and earned on investments made from the account in India;
Maturity or sale proceeds of any permissible investments made from the an NRE/FCNR (B) account or out of remittances received from outside India through banking channels. Provided that the investment was made in accordance with the foreign exchange regulations in force at the time of making such investment.
Any other credit if covered under general or special permission granted by Reserve Bank of India.
Outward remittances from India;
Disbursements in India like managing family expenses among others
Transfers to your own NRE/FCNR (B) accounts or to the NRE/FCNR (B) account of any other person eligible to open such account;
Investments in India in mutual funds shares/securities/ commercial papers of an Indian Company or immovable property in accordance with the extant regulation
Any other transaction if covered under general or special permission granted by the Reserve Bank of India.
Please note, tables are best viewed on desktops or in landscape mode on mobile phones. On mobile phones, please swipe to view all content.
| Who can apply for an NRE account? | Only NRIs/PIOs/OCIs can open an NRE account. Under the prevailing FEMA regulations, you will be considered an NRI if: 
 | 
| Account features | 
 
 | 
| Documentation requirements*** | 
 | 
| Repatriation | Funds from this account are freely repatriable (i.e., NRIs can transfer the funds to their overseas account without any limits). | 
| Tax on NRE account | Income earned in the account is exempt from income tax. If your physical cash deposits/withdrawals in one or more accounts during the Financial Year amount to ₹2 million or more, it is mandatory to possess a PAN card. If you do not have a PAN card, you should initiate the process of applying for one. | 
*Relative is defined under section 2 (77) of the Companies Act, 2013. This includes their parents (including stepparents), son (including stepson), son’s wife, daughter, daughter’s husband, siblings (including stepsiblings), and children.
**The term ‘former’ or ‘survivor’ basis refers to the condition where only one of the two joint account holders that is the former account holder can primarily operate the account. The 'survivor' can only operate the account after the 'former' passes away.
***The list mentioned is indicative and are not exhaustive. These may differ from bank to bank. You may want to consult your bank for more details.
As per prevailing FEMA regulations, NRIs who become Indian residents again must convert their NRE account to a resident bank account.
Once you have become an NRI/PIO/OCI under prevailing FEMA regulations, you can open an NRE account as follows:
Find your nearest ICICI Bank branch here: Branch Locator
Alternatively, you can also visit your bank’s website and follow the instructions to open the account online.
The account opening process and timelines vary across banks. Please speak with your bank’s relationship manager to know more details.
You can use an NRE account to deposit your foreign earnings. It is a rupee-denominated account, suitable for expenditures and investments in India. Having an NRE account provides you with several benefits, including tax-free interest income in India and the ability to repatriate funds without any limits. You should speak with your bank to know more about opening an NRE account and understand the permissible debits/credits.
The contents of this article/infographic are meant solely for informational purposes. The contents are generic in nature and are not intended to serve as a substitute for specific advice on any matter whatsoever. The information is subject to updation, completion and verification and the applicable norms may keep changing materially from time to time. This information is also not intended for distribution or use by any person in any jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to applicable laws or would subject ICICI Bank Limited/its affiliates to any licensing or registration requirements. ICICI Bank Limited/its affiliates and their representatives shall not be liable for any direct or indirect losses or liability incurred arising in connection with any decision taken by any person on the basis of this content. Please conduct your own due diligence and consult your financial advisor before making any decision. Terms and conditions of ICICI Bank and third parties apply. ICICI Bank is not responsible for third party services. Nothing contained herein shall constitute or be deemed to constitute an advice, invitation or solicitation to avail any products/ services of third parties.