TITLE: Life Insurance for NRI's - ICICI Bank NRI Services
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/nri-banking/nri-insurance/life-insurance

Disclaimer: 
 
ICICI Bank Limited ("ICICI Bank") is registered with Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority of India (IRDAI) as a Corporate Agent (Composite), IRDAI Registration No. CA0112 (valid till 31st March 2026) for distribution of Insurance Products. ICICI Bank has a corporate agency agreement with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited for distribution of Life Insurance and with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited for distribution of General Insurance. 
 
Please note that insurance is underwritten by the respective Insurance Companies and ICICI Bank does not underwrite the risk or act as an insurer. The contract of insurance is between the Insurance Company and the insured only, and not between ICICI Bank and the insured. ICICI Bank is not responsible or liable for performance of any obligations under the contract of insurance. Insurance is sold as a stand-alone product and not linked to any of the Banking products. Participation in Insurance is purely on a voluntary basis. Purchase of Insurance is not a pre-condition of availing any of the banking products/services. The product information given on the website is indicative in nature. Nothing contained herein is to be construed advice, recommendation, offer for a policy or any other assistance. ICICI Bank does not guarantee that this website reflects latest amendments/ information at all times or at any time. 
 
For IRDAI grievances: igms.irda.gov.in. For more details on risk factors, product details, terms and conditions and exclusions please read the relevant product brochure carefully before conclusion of sale. Address: ICICI Bank Limited ("ICICI Bank") with registered office at ICICI Bank Tower, Near Chakli Circle, Old Padra Road, Vadodara, 390 007, Gujarat (CIN: L65190GJ1994PLC021012. Toll free number: 1860 120 7777, Email: customer.care@icicibank.com