TITLE: Mutual Funds for NRIs | Invest in Indian Funds – ICICI Bank
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/nri-banking/investment/mutual-fund

Disclaimer
 
Mutual Fund investments are subject to market risks. Read all scheme related documents carefully.
 
The information, contained herein, is only for the purpose of information and not for distribution. It does not constitute an offer to buy or sell or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any securities or financial instruments in the United States of America (“US”) and/or Canada or for the benefit of US persons (being persons falling within the definition of the term “US Person” under the US Securities Act, 1933, as amended) or persons residing in Canada.
 
Terms and Conditions of ICICI Bank, as available at www.icici.bank.in , and Terms and Conditions of third parties apply. ICICI Bank is not responsible for third-party products, goods, services and offers. Customers shall be deemed to have read, understood and consented to these terms and conditions.
 
Nothing in this document is intended to constitute advice of any kind including legal, tax, securities or investment advice, opinion regarding appropriateness of any investment, an offer, invitation or solicitation for any product or service and does not intend to create any rights or obligations.
 
The use of any information set out in this document is entirely at the recipient’s own risk. ICICI Bank does not accept any responsibility for any errors, whether caused by negligence or otherwise, or for any loss or damage incurred by anyone by placing reliance on anything set out in this document. This includes any loss or shortfall resulting from the operations of the Mutual Funds. The information set out herein may be subject to updation, completion, revision, verification and amendment.
 
ICICI Bank is acting merely as a Distributor/Corporate agent/Point of service for third parties. Any investment in such third-party products/services shall constitute to be a contract between the investor and the third party. ICICI Bank shall not be liable or responsible for any loss resulting from third party’s products. The contract with regards to the Mutual Fund is between the asset management company and the investor and not between ICICI Bank and the investor. Participation by ICICI Bank’s Customers is on a purely voluntary basis and there is no direct or indirect linkage between the provision of the banking services offered by the Bank to its customers and their usage of the product or participation in the scheme. Please visit /Personal-Banking/investments/mutual-funds/disclosure for more details.
ICICI Bank Limited is an “AMFI - Registered Mutual Fund Distributor”