TITLE: Internet Banking
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/online-safe-banking/internet-banking

Use Internet Banking to minimise the risk of fraud.
Phishing is a global problem faced by Banks worldwide.
Be-aware about different types of Computer Virus which can steal your sensitive information.
Website spoofing is the act of creating a website, as a hoax, with the intention of performing fraud.
Vishing is an attempt of a fraudster to take confidential details from you over a phone call.
Money Mule is a term used to describe innocent victims who are duped by fraudsters into laundering stolen/illegal money via their bank account(s).
Cyberstalking is the use of internet or other electronic methods by fraudsters to stalk ( harass or threaten) an individual, group or organisations.
Skimming is a method used by fraudsters to capture your personal or account information from your credit/debit card.
It is a combination of short message service (SMS - also known as text messaging) and phishing (the act of emailing someone with the intent of obtaining personal information that can be used for identity theft).
A mobile phone is a convenient banking channel. One can get account-related alerts, One Time Password (OTP), Unique registration number (URN), 3D secure code etc. required for financial transactions and make various financial inquiries through the mobile.
ICICI Bank will never send e-mails that ask for confidential information. If you receive an e-mail requesting your Internet Banking details like your PIN, password, account number, you should not respond.
WhatsApp Banking and safety measures.
Aadhaar card is a unique document as it contains essential information including demographic and biometric details. Hence taking precautions is necessary. Let us see some of the safety tips to protect ourselves.
PIN and Password safety measures.
Be very sure of the website address.
Social media sites are fast being popular among fraudsters also and celebrations like Valentine's Day are easy times to lure the youth of today.
Spear phishing is an e-mail spoofing fraud attempt that targets a specific organisation, seeking unauthorised access to confidential data.
Use Internet Banking to minimise the risk of fraud.
Fraudsters send attractive offers through letters, e-mails, calls, SMS messages asking you to deposit money to participate. Be-ware it can be scam.