TITLE: Prequalify Credit Cards | Pre Approved Credit Cards - ICICI Bank
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/personal-banking/cards/credit-card/pre-approved-credit-card

With a Pre-Approved ICICI Bank Credit Card, you no longer have to worry about your Credit Card application not being accepted or your credit score. You can get instant Credit Card approval in three easy steps and enjoy a range of benefits like discounts on dining, shopping, travel and more.
A Pre-Approved ICICI Bank Credit Card offers a range of lifestyle, travel and security benefits. You can enjoy attractive discounts on shopping, dining and movies, along with complimentary access to airport lounges and fuel surcharge waivers. The card also allows you to earn ICICI Bank reward points, access 24/7 concierge services, etc. Additionally, the card’s advanced chip technology ensures enhanced security, protecting you against fraud and unauthorised transactions.
You get to enjoy attractive discounts on shopping, dining, movies and more.
Get complimentary access to airport lounges, fuel surcharge waivers & discounts on fuel purchases.
Earn ICICI Bank Reward Points, access 24x7 concierge services and much more.
The chip card feature will protect against fraud.
Log into ICICI Bank's iMobile app
Tap on the ‘Offers’ section to view your offer
Select the desired card from a range of credit cards. Next, verify the pre-filled details and fill in a few additional details
Accept the Terms and Conditions and enter the OTP sent to your registered mobile number. You can then view the Credit Card details and start transacting online
Log in to Net Banking
Click on ‘Apply Online’ under the ‘Cards and Loans’ tab to view your offer
Select the desired Card from a range of Credit Cards. Next, verify the pre-filled details and fill in a few additional details
Accept the Terms and Conditions and enter the OTP sent to your registered mobile number. You can then view the Credit Card details and start transacting online
A Pre-Approved ICICI Bank Credit Card is an offer provided by ICICI Bank to eligible customers based on their creditworthiness and banking history. It does not require additional documentation or credit checks, making the approval process faster and easier.
A Pre-Approved Credit Card offer does not affect your credit score unless you choose to accept the offer and activate the card.
To redeem your Pre-Approved Credit Card offer, log in to the ICICI Bank's iMobile app, navigate to the Credit Card section and check for available offers. You can then click on the offer, fill in any required details and submit your request for activating the offer.
A Pre-Approved ICICI Bank Credit Card offers a range of lifestyle, travel and security benefits, from attractive discounts on shopping, dining and movies, to complimentary airport lounge access and fuel surcharge waivers. The card also allows you to earn ICICI Bank Reward Points and access 24/7 concierge services. Additionally, the card’s advanced chip technology ensures enhanced security, protecting you against fraud and unauthorised transactions.