TITLE: FAQs Amazon Pay Credit Card - Frequently Asked Questions - ICICI Bank
URL: https://www.icicibank.com/personal-banking/cards/credit-card/amazon-pay-credit-card/faqs

There is no joining fee or annual fee charged for using Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card. Click here to know more.
Following are the benefits of using Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card:
You can add your Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card to the payment page and use it for carrying out transactions on the Amazon website. Click here to know more.
Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card is issued by ICICI Bank in association with Amazon and Visa. There are no joining and renewal fees on the card. You also earn for every purchase carried out on the Amazon website in the form of Amazon Pay balance. This is an invite-only programme. Please click here to apply for the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card.
Please note that these earnings will only be transferred to the card owner’s Amazon account. If you have borrowed an Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card from another person and are using it for your transactions, applicable Amazon Pay balance will not be added to your Amazon Account.
You need to use the payment method 'Login and Pay with Amazon' to carry out purchases on Amazon Pay partner websites. For more details, click here.
You will receive the physical card within 7 working days from the date of approval of your request. An SMS will be sent once the card is dispatched. Please use your virtual card details to transact online. In case you do not receive the card within 7 working days, please call our Customer Care on 1800 1080 between 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. from your registered mobile number.
No. You cannot apply for an add-on card.
You can generate or change your PIN through any of the following ways:
Through the Interactive Voice Response System (IVR) by calling our toll-free number 1800 1080
Through the iMobile Pay app. Path: Services and Aadhaar > Card Services > Generate Credit Card PIN
through Net Banking. Path: Log in to Net Banking > Generate PIN > Credit Card PIN > Generate Now
Please call our Customer Care from your registered mobile number.
You can check all the earnings through your monthly statements. These earnings will be credited to your Amazon Account as Amazon Pay balance within 2 working days from the completion of your last billing cycle.
Yes, this card is a contactless card.
Our sales executive will call you within 48 hours for collection of documents and for completion of the e-KYC process. Once the process is completed, you will receive an e-mail on your registered e-mail ID with your card details.
Go to your Amazon Pay transaction history https://www.amazon.in/gp/payment/statement. Look for the entry labelled 'Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card: Earnings for last billing cycle.'' For more details, please visit the FAQs page on the Amazon website.
All earnings will be automatically credited to your Amazon Account in the form of Amazon Pay balance within 2 working days from the completion of your last billing cycle. The Amazon Pay balance can be used for partial or complete payment of all Amazon and Amazon Pay purchases. For the list of merchants accepting Amazon Pay, click here.
To track your application status, you can call our Customer Care on 1800 1080 from your registered mobile number.
With the Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit Card:
Amazon Prime members can earn 5% back on purchases carried out on Amazon India. Non-Prime cardholders can earn 3% back on all products except digital products and gift cards, which earn 2%.
Earn 2% back on 100+ Amazon Pay merchant websites by using this card on Amazon Pay
1% back for all other payments
No limit on earnings
No expiry date on your earnings
1% surcharge waiver on all fuel purchases
Your earnings will be credited to your Amazon Account in the form of Amazon Pay balance at the end of the billing cycle
You can view the earnings for the past billing cycle through your Credit Card statement. There is no limit on how much you can earn and no minimum redemption amount is applicable for redeeming the earnings. All your earnings are automatically transferred into your Amazon Account in the form of Amazon Pay balance at the end of the month
The applicable Amazon Pay balance is added to your Amazon Account, i.e., the Amazon Account used while applying for this card
E-books, gift cards (both physical and digital), Amazon Pay money loading and auto reloading, bill payments, mobile and DTH recharges etc. will earn 2% back, irrespective of the Prime status of the card owner
No rewards on gold, silver, any precious metal, any tax-related payments, Equated Monthly Instalment (EMI) purchases on Amazon, rent transactions and fuel purchases.
Quick links